--
i told my friend i wanted to disappear. he didnt question. I told him I felt imprisoned. He didnt ask why. He didnt care. He wasnt interested in my life. Then I realized even if i shared all the details, no one actually cared. Why did I tell him all that? Was I asking for pity? for attention? to let it out?
No one was ever there for me at my worst times.
No one cared enough to be physically there for me
I felt sad so I asked him to hang at the store next to his house. He refused
when i felt like dying, no one took me srsly
they just thought i wasnt fun to be with at tht time, so they neglected me
so i drowned in the river
then nur hppened but the me irl didnt know
and resolved to disapear
why did he refuse? the place was convenient for him
the only reason tht came to mind was he didnt want to spend time w me
i had a charmless persoanlity
some say everyone is just different, and u cant compare personalities but i disagree
theres a reason why ppl are popular and why ppl gain others loyalties while others dont
i had an unwanted personlity, a repulsive vibe


---
If I can have two superpowers, it is super social skills, so I won't have trouble talking to others, and super brain, so I can always help others when they need it.
If I can have two superpowers, they are super social skills and super brain.

I want super social skills so I won't have trouble talking to others, so I won't be shy and won't accidentally say something offensive, so I can understand others better and cheer them up when they need it, so I can laugh and joke with others the way I see people do, so I won't filter out my thoughts worrying what others will think of me if I said this or that.

I want super brain so I can help people with homeworks, problems, and have more things to talk about. I want to understand people without reading their minds. I can also learn very fast and be able to progress faster in my NUR project

Two superpowers I don't want are mindreading and photographic memory. If I had mindreading, I would always read people's thoughts and it would influence how I behave. I am scared that people dislike me, or when I say something weird, I would know that they find me weird and it would feel very uncomfortable for me. I am scared of finding out what people think of me. There would be also be no point of conversation since I know everyone's thoughts.

I also don't want photographic memory because there are some things that make me sad to remember, some things that I would rather forget. I don't want to relive those traumatic experiences again.

---
This semester I feel very blessed to have so many wonderful people by my side.

When I started college, I used to be sad and self-pitying because I felt very lonely. I ate alone everyday and did everything by myself. I had a few close friends whom I took for granted, and kept thinking about why I couldn't make new friends on my campus. I thought I couldn't connect with anyone because I was unlikeable.

I had a tendency to overgeneralize. When one person didn't seem to like me, I assumed that others would think the same. I envied people who had a big close group of friends- people who had someone to eat with on a regular basis and do homework with. Because I kept looking at how much other people are loved, I overlooked the fact that I also had people who loved me.

Also I assumed from people's slighted actions that they didn't like me. I think I must have been trying to mindread, and that is a superpower I would not want. Sometimes I did not realize that I was not cursed with the mind-reading ability, and believed my mind reading skills were accurate. I didn't even think I was mindreading when I was doing it. For example, when someone refused to hang out with me, I thought they didn't ever want to spend time with me. "They probably don't want to hang out with me because I'm boring". I did not think that they might just be busy that day, or they are not in the mood, or other possible circumstances because I was so fixated on it being "my" problem or an issue with my personality. I was being very self-centered, and personalized all mishaps.
