The Memories Exchange Lab
The MemLab. That was the name of the place I grew up. I don't remember when I entered this underground laboratory. I was so young that I cannot recall. However I do remember there were around 30 other kids there. We were called "The Experiments". The directors were doing research on something unrevealed, and we were their experimental subjects. They said that we would get out when we "pass", but none of us knew what we had to do in order to pass. (In the lab's history, we did not know anyone who "passed"; we only knew people who had been "eliminated") To prevent us from escaping the laboratory, the operators embedded electronic chips inside our wrists. We were told that if we stepped outside a certain radius from the lab, these chips would explode and we would die. (In fact, I heard that someone did try once, and was blown to bits. His remains were displayed in the main hallway for all to see. He was "eliminated".)

In the lab, we had operations everyday from 15:00 to 18:00. These were our most hellish hours. The "Scientists" who operated on us probably had no empathy. We could never see the Scientists' faces because they were masked like surgeons. Although they performed different studies everyday, the studies done on me always had some form of electrocution. I found myself losing blood after the completion of each one.

We had designated times for meals: breakfast 7:00-8:00, lunch 11:00-12:00, and dinner 19:00-20:00. During meal time, the five guards would escort us to the dining hall as if we were prisoners. They would eavesdrop on our conversations and stop any potential fights among us. Besides the operations, these guards pretty much ran the lab. They did everything, including turning on the projector screens for the directors to talk to us. (We never met the directors face to face).

From 12:00-15:00 those of us younger than 10 years got "schooling". Since we never got birth certificates, our "age" was determined based on how many years we have been in the lab (Though most of us were born here anyways). January 1st was everyone's birthday; we only aged on this day. We were divided based on proficiency into two groups, Juniors and Senior. Each group listened to a different director talk extensively behind a screen. Juniors were usually the younger ones who needed to learn language necessary to understand the instructor. When Juniors demonstrated language proficiency through two pass/fail assessments that they give every half year, they moved to become Seniors. Most people pass Junior level before three years. I took three and a half and was considered dumb. Seniors learned rules about how to behave, what not to do around the lab, and punishments. We only needed to pass one examination in order to graduate "schooling"- recite all the rules around the lab. This exam was proctored every week, so we got a weekly chance at graduating. If we did not graduate by age 10, however, we were considered noncompliant and would be "eliminated". When I grew a mind around 6 or 7 years old, I started to question this part of our routine. Why would they want to educate their experimental subjects? Maybe this had something to do with "passing".

When we were not in operations, having meals, or getting educated, we were confined to our rooms. Due to limited space, we lived in single-gender hexads. In my first eight years here, I lived with kids younger than me and I used to love teasing them. I thought they didn't mind because they did not say anything. However I eventually learned that they hated me. I learned that people like kind people, and I felt that I really messed up, so I requested to move into a different hexad. The different hexad took some getting-used-to, but I am glad I did because I met my "brothers". We would play imaginary dungeon conquests. In these imaginary games, we listed everyone we knew in this laboratory and gave them an imaginary role in our imaginary game. Of course, the heroes were the six of us in our hexad. A typical game would look like this:

Heroes: Hayes, Cohen, Tobias, Nabir,Angus, Lorale
Prisoners: Aina, Joby, Yuyan, Meiko,(all other "Experiments". We didn't know their names, because we always sat with each other during meals, and we only knew Aina and her friends because Cohen had a crush on Aina.
Evil Monsters: 5 Guards, The (Mad) Scientists, The Cowardly Vile Directors Who Only Appear on Projector Screen
It used to be fun. Over time, however, I lost interest and I didn't know why. Maybe it was because of age, or maybe of operations. Nevertheless I played along with everyone else because it made them happy.
Sometimes I go back into my bed pondering how fake I am. I faked my personality and was careful not to say anything offensive or teasing. It was sometimes exhausting. However, I thought it was worth it because I liked being with my brothers, and I knew they would ostracize me if they knew the real me. I didn't want my ugliness to show.

Cohen's Confession
We often enjoyed teasing Cohen about Aina. We knew that they couldn't "go out" since we could not step outside the lab. However, he could get lunch with her, and we reminded him of this to encourage him. Tobias insisted, "Cohen you should tell her you like her". One day, Cohen was finally convinced. Cohen approached Aina for the first time, and they talked like lovers. We sat nearby and eavesdropped like the guards. Aina's friends sat nearby too, but didn't pitch into the conversations. I think they took the hint. They had some small talk. First small date suceeded. Two more successful dates later, we decided to third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh wheel them. We all hung out, but we didn't talk as much as usual. We let Cohen and Aina do the talking, and giggled about it afterward in our room. One conversation, we heard Aina say "I want to pass soon. I don't want to get out of here as an old lady. There's so much I want to see out there, and so many people I want to meet. I also want to get married. If I am old, no one would want me anymore." Hearing her say this, we all had a floating, desperate thought. "What if we don't even pass in our lifetime?"
Mystery
Sometimes my brothers and I speculated in our room about what we should do in order to "pass". I think others did the same, but I don't know what ideas they came up with. For us, it was jokes most of the time, such as passing when we finish a bowl of bitter melon soup in under 3 seconds. Pensively though, we all thought it had something to do with our genes and what operations they were performing on us. After the converstaion with Aina, however, we started giving it serious thought. Hayes suggested a brilliant idea that gave us hope.

"You know, isn't it suspicious that the directors never show up in front of us? What if, to pass, we just need to find out who the directors are?"

It seemed really simple, like an "Oh duh, why haven't we thought of this sooner". Nevertheless this inspired us.

Unmasking Authority
During meal times we scrutinized the guards, noting their behaviors and trying to spy on any gadgets they had to communicate with the directors. What if the guards themselves were the directors themselves? It was a possibility, since the directors were always masked even when they were on projector, and the guards and scientists were also masked. Therefore Tobias, always bold, daring and rebellious, suggested "Let's try to take off their masks."

The next day, the six of us teamed up against a single guard while he was leading us back to our room. We pounced on him, but he was so strong it seemed unnatural. We failed miserably.

Just Observe
After this defeat, we needed another strategy. We also figured the guards knew our plan and wouuld be more cautious from now on.. Therefore we observed for clues from our environments, details about how the guards and scientists moved, and anything else worth noting. We paid special attention to the short period we were in the Operation Room before they make us lose consciousness. We shared what they did to us to make us lose consciousness.

For Hayes and Angus, they injected some weird medicine. For Cohen and Tobias, they put a mask that dispelled gas. For Nabir and me, they used some electrical equipment. Because it was different for everyone, we thought that different scientists may be operating on us. There may be three scientists total, or three scientists for each hexad.

Still, we had no idea who they were.

Other hexads were probably plotting just as we were. A month after our attempt to unmask a guard, we got news about someone in another hexad trying to burn the building in order to eliminate the lab and free everyone. He was "eliminated".

Rebellion
This news struck Tobias the most, and he came up with another daring idea. "If we can't escape this laboratory, we should try conquering it. There are thirty of us, and only five guards and probably only few scientists. I think we have a chance if we rounded everyone up" We definitely could not do this big missionComponent alone; we needed the "Experiments" in the other hexads to help us. The only chance we got to see them, however, was during meal time when the guards monitored all our conversations.

Therefore we contacted them via sticky notes when we had our meals; each of us sat with someone new. We gave a sticky note to one new person in a different hexad each day (we assumed the hexads sat together), inconspicuously, and in that note asked them to share with their hexad. We marked the day, February 2nd, when we would all rally together on one guard at a time. There would be four of us to distract the other guards by doing especially dangerous things like burning.

We carried out the strategy as planned. However it didn't work out, as the guards were not divided as we planned. Also, I wasn't sure if someone had betrayed us.

A guy in another hexad wondered if the key to passing was to slaughter the other "Experiments". "If I killed all of you, I might pass or I might not. If I do, that is great for me. If I don't, I will still get special treatment for being the only Experiment left. I could blackmail authority." He killed one person in his hexad, before he was caught and "eliminated".
After a certain point, I stopped feeling joy in anything I do. I felt like a living corpse.

"Lorale, you passed." .. Huh? What did I do?

Still today I had no idea what I did to pass.

When I felt left out in groups, I would usually laugh and pretend I was part of them. People generally react positively to laughter. I didn't want to look at my electronic device because people usually assume I would be disinterested when I really just wanted to join them.

I wanted to die while I still mattered to someone. I have been losing friends a lot and I worried that I would have no one left when I died. I felt that the future was pointless. Office jobs seemed boring, and I had no interest in my future. The only thing that kept me breathing was other people. Now that I am losing them one by one, I thought it would be a good time to disappear before I lost them all.
She told me everything. "Do you hate me?" I told her what I really thought. "No,of course not. You're my friend". Furthermore, I related to her every word. She hasn't pieced together my past yet, but she will in the future. I wanted to say "I used to be a bully too, but now I just feel like a really fake person." "You guys make me feel safe because you are the only ones in the world who know me and still stay with me." Furthermore, I think in the real world, there are no protagonists or antagonists. There are just people. And I think Letra is a very real person.
"Aren't you Lorale Schmidt? They told us that they 'eliminated' you." I found out 'eliminated' could mean two things: you pass or you were killed. If only I knew back then, my brothers would have figured a trend about what people did to get "eliminated" (pass). I wonder if they ever passed. I think I was happy to meet him; it seemed like a huge coincidence someone from the same lab as me would be a Nighter too.
[After Craille's betrayal] I clashed with Craille today. While we fought, he told me something shocking. "I found out that we were the children of Nighters. They took our future from us. I still have friends there I want to save. Don't you want to save your friends from that evil lab too?" I could understand why he betrayed NUR.
Craille offered for me to join him. I didn't know how to feel so I rejected initially. Sometime later NUR HQ somehow found out about this deal, and told me to become a Wielders spy. So I did. I went to Wielders HQ, and their first order for me was to spy on NUR. I was a double spy.
I found out memLab was short for Memories Exchange Lab. That was the place that Xenon works.
I decided to save for college. I was probably overaged, even though I don't know my own birthday. Nevertheless I have started to gather hope for my future. I retained my memories of NUR after it disbanded. Many Nighters I know have already left to a Next World. I wonder which Next World Xenon and Taria are in, if they got in the same one, and what I can do on Earth to join them. Letra is still somewhere on Earth, and I will find her. Although she probably has no memories of me, I will never forget her. I wonder what her real name was, and where she lives
